Why might different orders in the partial-wave expansion of operator matrix elements lead to orders in the scaled energy expansion that are lower than the achieved order? (Open-ended: explain possible causes and implications of this behavior.)

Abstract: The Breit-Wigner theory is extended to a generalized Breit-Wigner formula,
which includes higher-order power corrections for the true mass expansion. This
generalization is applied for the two-body relativistic scattering process
$N\Lambda\to N\Lambda$. The relativistic scattering amplitude is expressed in
the partial-wave expansion formalism. The propagation mechanism of the
intermediate $N\Lambda$ state is calculated using the spin-conserving,
attractive one-pion-exchange short-range potential. The one-pion invariant
amplitude is made of baryon-mass functions determined upon a small-number
iterative expansion. Consistency with the relativistic Breit-Wigner theory is
analyzed using a series of numerical benchmark results. With a comparison of
internal angular-momentum configurations, we explicitly demonstrate the
viability of an extended Breit-Wigner theory and its viability to represent
higher-order terms of the meson picture. The generalization enhances the
treatment of transport phenomena of a dynamical many-body quanten system and
provides useful phenomenological insights into the quasi-particle dynamics. The
constructed dynamical intermediate state opens up the connection to excited
hyperons and higher-mass baryons in terms of the resonance picture. The
invariant mass approach provides a possible path to describe explicitly the
(anti-baryonic) matter as well as the antimatter resonances, particularly in
the absence of the mirror symmetry: discordant mass degeneracy between baryons
and their \={baryons}.